and it's one of Lady Gaga's always
surprising as to the
characterization
she is a participant that always
challenges and today night of
elimination are you going to sing pokerface and a
of the songs or the song more
popular as he assumes this new challenge very
happy and hopeful that everything
come out super good
list more ready than ever go to
Lady Gaga position
let's remember the office
very well what is what is going to sing
you need to take out six eyes it's called the
song 26 very well you are improving
a lot in your English and I'm in class
in English
both complete you complete me
love thank you very much for that
detail I tell you that this moment
effectively sings an iconic song
with you lady gaga
I am Lady Gaga
sexy
the pp looks good
is this
my mark
yes
very good many thanks guys
diana paul our lady gaga
is
I'm not even going to ask you what work
must be exhausted, we go straight to
try or maricarmen marín listen to him
on this day of elimination my dear
Diana I want to tell you that really
I admire that you are good chan with a
because you have had galas in which of
suddenly I have not been very good in yoga
the wonderful ones where we've done that
has been the best presentation of the
night and today I found this presentation
very well I also congratulate you because it
note when you work and this character does not
there's nothing easy this character chose a
character very studied very complex and
today we have not done anything wrong there is
be careful with the treble with the
breathing the moment you dance
and that the movements and the choreography
that you have to do not distract what
that you have vocally built what is
what has happened I do not know what is super
hard
I know but you have to try, I know that
you place desire that you are what you are going to
achieve
to jokes that lie down of jury
diana yo yes we if this program
give a prize to the biggest growth you
you would be a series of opponents
unfortunately, there is not us
we choose 8 imitators that we consider
the best and the public with them
it's a favorite however I have to
praise the growth because I think
remarkable I think there's still work
what to do in your technique in the
resonators in the support I think there would be
it was better that your fall was between
phrases so I would not interrupt
your song I think there's still
work more the letter the English and the
air so there are no detours without
But currently they are very good and
vocally it has grown a lot
fernando and tone more has a lot
talent and to make this character
a lot but a lot of attitude
excellent comments to take a seat
please
excuse me
Thank you
now how good they do it